who is he?
KK is a mysterious person
I didn't find many clues
Including Chu Pinghua's huge water flow
Are flowing into overseas banks
As for whether it has been transferred to KK.
We're not going either.
Then he suddenly stopped the medicine for me
It can't be a conscience finding
There must be something wrong
I guess he wanted you to lie to your aunts and uncles.
The land in hand
And shares in the Lin Group
The land of your hometown
It will soon be planned as a tourist attraction.
Your parents will receive a huge compensation package
Chu Minghua married your parents several times
Didn't succeed
I guess I want you to ask your parents for it.
Don't worry, my parents.
Uncle and aunt Lin Xi
I've sent someone to protect it secretly
That would be fine.
I can't let my parents know about this yet.
I'm afraid their bodies can't take it
Since Chu Minghua is so good at pretending
Then let me tear off his good man mask
Let him jump over the wall
Everything has to be careful
You have to put safety first
Just leave the investigation to us
Yes, Lin Xi
You mustn't be impulsive
You need to stabilize them now
OK, I see.
brother-in-law
Here I come.